com/practice/automationtesting/automation/models/Data.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.models.Data
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/PracticeShopHome.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.PracticeShopHome
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/AndroidQuickStartGuideHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.AndroidQuickStartGuideHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/questions/VerifyOrderQuantityBooks.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.questions.VerifyOrderQuantityBooks
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/ProceedToCheckout.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.ProceedToCheckout
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/interactions/Call.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.interactions.Call
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/ProceedToCheckoutHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.ProceedToCheckoutHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/practiceHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.practiceHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/BillingDetailsHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.BillingDetailsHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/questions/ThankYou.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.questions.ThankYou
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/VerifyOrderHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.VerifyOrderHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/OpenTheBrowser.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.OpenTheBrowser
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/ThankYouHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.ThankYouHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/Login.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.Login
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/SelectTwoBooks.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.SelectTwoBooks
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/questions/IsNotRegistered.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.questions.IsNotRegistered
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/BillingDetails.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.BillingDetails
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/SelectBookToBuy.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.SelectBookToBuy
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/userInterfaces/MyAccountHomePage.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.userInterfaces.MyAccountHomePage
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/ClickMy.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.ClickMy
com/practice/automationtesting/automation/tasks/PaymentMethod.java
 com.practice.automationtesting.automation.tasks.PaymentMethod
